Gwenevere Abriel: Oh my gosh, was that by accident or on purpose.
Michelle Lucero: No, my alarm went off and I wanted to go back to sleep. So
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you do with your time.
Michelle Lucero: I finished laundry and got up and took a shower. Got my son ready for school. And then I have to go to Walgreens to get an approximate because I started this morning and my cops are killing me.
Michelle Lucero: So,
Michelle Lucero: That's it.
Michelle Lucero: I'm excited.
Michelle Lucero: I get one of the babies today after our meeting.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh yeah, I know that makes you happy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Michelle Lucero: I really haven't seen her since the Super Bowl.
Gwenevere Abriel: Which is this Genesis was us.
Michelle Lucero: Know it's Laila, it's my other nephews daughter, he's kind of banned from her right now because he's not doing very good
Michelle Lucero: And so, for some reason, when he's not doing good. The family's not able to see her either but I stayed in close connection with the mom and
Michelle Lucero: Talk to her almost every day. So she's okay with me, seeing the baby she knows that I won't go behind her back and let my nephew come over is the year because he's not doing good. So
Michelle Lucero: I'm happy. But it's kind of kind of bittersweet because I can't like post anything because I don't want my family to know I have her
Michelle Lucero: Because they'll get mad at me for still talking to the mom but i mean i think she's in the right by not letting me be a part of her life because he's not able to stay sober.
Gwenevere Abriel: I gotta turn this phone.
Gwenevere Abriel: turn the ringer off ring a ding. Alright.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's do something a little different. Today, Michelle, let's actually do some some interventions here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's get
Gwenevere Abriel: You've got your phone resting very nicely. Let's go get some of these items that we can do some bilateral stimulation today.
Gwenevere Abriel: Two things that can be vases, they could be the total mugs something where they're about the same height and put them about shoulder width apart right on either side, left and right of your phone.
Michelle Lucero: Okay.
Michelle Lucero: Let me go get him.
Michelle Lucero: Go for it. I'm gonna have to move my phone because I have it resting on a box.
Michelle Lucero: Right here, so I'm gonna have to move it, so I'll be able to put them beside it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, take your time. I know I'm gonna take your time. I just opened up a note.
Michelle Lucero: Are they supposed to be heavier. Doesn't matter if there's anything in them.
Gwenevere Abriel: Know it's it's so that you're going to be looking at the top of them. Try to get them at the same height.
Michelle Lucero: I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: A little taller than your phone.
Michelle Lucero: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Nice. Alright, so let's
Gwenevere Abriel: Do a little test here just kind of look at those. The top of those items left and right, just back and forth all point. I just want to see kind of a comfort level that you have with it.
Michelle Lucero: And they need to make one hired
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright so yeah off to the side. So take your, your arms, your shoulders and just sort of going straight out and see if they're about shoulder width apart.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, yeah. Okay, so I'm going to point to each one and just sort of at my rate out of the corner kind of peripheral vision. You don't have to watch my finger. Just look at the two tops of those objects. There we go. So at the rate that I'm directing
Gwenevere Abriel: Sometimes it'll be a little slower.
Gwenevere Abriel: And sometimes a little faster.
Gwenevere Abriel: Very nice. Did it strain your eyes just now.
Michelle Lucero: No, it made me bleeding.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is
Like we got a blank.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, no.
Michelle Lucero: Hurry, but
Gwenevere Abriel: And sometimes there might be times when you want to stop and I might be taking too long.
Gwenevere Abriel: Don't do that. Do the iterations very long, but you may want to do this to me, and then I'll stop or you may, and there's still a lot to go into about it, but you might want more, you might want to continue. There might be a piece
Gwenevere Abriel: Of memory. There might be a thought that you're not quite done processing yet and you wanted to continue. I've been doing it about between 20 to 50 seconds.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you might notice. Oh, I want a little more, and then I'll just continue. Okay, so those are. We're just doing just the very, very beginning early phase of preparation. So part of the preparation is also taking a look at your resources.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's been a while. There's a few things I want to do with you and I don't know what we've already done. Did we develop your resource team you're protected figure. You're nurturing figure in your wise figure, you know, okay, well, let's do it today. This is, this is a nice feeling so
Gwenevere Abriel: Michelle real or imagined. I want you to think of
Gwenevere Abriel: Who comes to mind.
Gwenevere Abriel: That has the quality of a protective figure real or imagined really embodies the quality of protectiveness
Who do you think of
Michelle Lucero: My sister in a while.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, tell me about the quality of Noel that she embodies that protectiveness
Michelle Lucero: Um, she's always there when I call her, if ever, and for an emergency. She's always the first person I call. Okay. And she always answers and she always tries their best to help me with whatever I'm
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what about someone imaginary
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe you've seen it in a movie or a TV show or read it in a book.
Michelle Lucero: I
Gwenevere Abriel: Don't know. Okay, well we can come back to it. But for now, we've got Noel right
Gwenevere Abriel: Excellent. And now, real or imagined. I want you to think of who comes to mind that has the qualities of a nurturing figure
Gwenevere Abriel: This would be someone or some things. For some people they can go to an animal or they can go to a particular image from from a program or from a novel that they've read
Gwenevere Abriel: And then a nurturing figure the primary sort of role and quality of a nurturing figure is is that they want your growth and your development.
Gwenevere Abriel: They encourage your growth your development. Sometimes there is an affection piece of it in the nurture and sometimes there's not, who comes to mind.
Michelle Lucero: Tell me, Okay, God,
Gwenevere Abriel: Anyone else and they can be multiple figures.
Michelle Lucero: And my dad.
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell me about how dad I heard some stories about Tammy how she wants your growth and development. How does dad want your growth and development.
Michelle Lucero: Um, he always
Michelle Lucero: Will since I was little. He always would
Michelle Lucero: Push me to do my best and
Michelle Lucero: praise me when I would do good.
Michelle Lucero: And always have like really good advice for me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, and what about Tammy. What are the qualities that come to mind for her.
Michelle Lucero: Um,
Michelle Lucero: She's always very positive.
Michelle Lucero: And she always, it seems like long term.
Michelle Lucero: Rather than me. Just like day at a time, but she thinks of white book. What is this going to happen or like, what is this going to
Michelle Lucero: Be like in a month from now like she's
Okay.
Michelle Lucero: And she also gives really good advice.
Gwenevere Abriel: Anyone else for the nurturing figures.
Michelle Lucero: Um,
Michelle Lucero: No. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And the third one is a wise figure. So thinking about two real or imagined.
Gwenevere Abriel: Figures that represent
Gwenevere Abriel: Wise quality.
Michelle Lucero: Can imagine be like my mom being that she's not here.
Sure.
Michelle Lucero: Yeah, I always thought my mom was like the smartest
Gwenevere Abriel: Anyone else for wise figures and body that wise quality.
Michelle Lucero: Know, well, why is also
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I know what so she's going to kind of be present in maybe both the role as a protective figure and as a wise figure
Gwenevere Abriel: That's great. All right, let's do a couple more here. Let's do
This
Gwenevere Abriel: For. Okay, let's do a container. So you've heard people maybe in casual conversation say oh I compartmentalize that event in my life. I don't think about it. You ever heard anybody say that
Michelle Lucero: Yeah, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So this container that I'd like you to develop is kind of like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: In this work that I'm going to invite you to do sometimes feelings may come up or a memory may come up and you don't want to
Gwenevere Abriel: Work through it or you and I run out of time and you want to put it in this container. So what I want you to do is this is your creative mind since you're right.
Gwenevere Abriel: right brain working here. I want you to think of a container that would be big enough strong enough to hold all of your sort of emotional stuff.
Gwenevere Abriel: And tell me, what comes to mind. It can be whatever you want.
Michelle Lucero: Wooden jewelry box. I don't know. Is that what you mean like just a container.
Michelle Lucero: Something to put in
Gwenevere Abriel: So it's the only instructions really are that it feels true for you, but the instruction is that it be big enough.
Gwenevere Abriel: And strong enough, sort of in this is this is imagination. So you picture your emotional life your
Gwenevere Abriel: History of memories and things that you may not want to be thinking about all the time, but sometimes will want to visit them to do some processing. And so this container would have to be big enough and strong enough to hold all your stuff. And do you want to keep wooden jewelry box.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, what do you want to do.
Michelle Lucero: A big chest
Gwenevere Abriel: Chest. All right. What's it made of
Michelle Lucero: Wood. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And is there a lid. Yeah. And is there a lock. Yes. Okay, and what kind of lock is it key combination fingerprint. Who's got the access to it.
Michelle Lucero: It's a key. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you're the only one having the key. Yeah, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right. And for some people it's that lock that keeps all the stuff in there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Other people, there's something in it where those
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's say all that stuff will want to stay. So some people it's positive. Like they'll say, Well, there's a disco ball and there's really fluffy pillows and then the stuff wants to stay
Gwenevere Abriel: Other people are like forget them. They're all negative misery loves company, they're going to stay in there. I don't care, they're locked in.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, so it really varies for you when you picture that there might be negative feelings that come up and you want to put them in that container because it's inconvenient. Maybe you're at work or maybe it's the end of our session.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you want to put them in there. What do you think would help them stay there.
Michelle Lucero: What do you mean
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell me your, tell me what you don't understand
Michelle Lucero: What will make them stand there if I just put them in there and lock it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so is the lock enough to keep it keep those emotions and memories there.
Michelle Lucero: Um,
Michelle Lucero: No, I would just have to not think about them.
Michelle Lucero: Or occupy my mind about thinking about something else.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, well go with the lock. Let's go to this other piece, this is
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm gonna give you some examples of a distancing metaphor. Do you know what a metaphor is it represents something in in a story or an image, but it's not the real thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So this is a distancing metaphor. So let's say the same kind of service to you. Let's say there's something comes up, it might be in the middle of a session.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you're feeling very upset. Very activated maybe very sad very scared very angry and you want to get some distance from it. You know, I might
Gwenevere Abriel: Invite you to picture. And here's some examples. Once you to picture you're on the riverbank your with your team of resources remaining on the riverbank. And what you see is a little a leaf floating further and further away.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it's drifting away and you can barely see it now. And you notice that you're there on the riverbank feeling sort of grounded in solid in your resources of protection nurturing some wisdom, but what you see is this leaf floating away or he might
Gwenevere Abriel: See a balloon kind of floating off into the sky and then it's just this little dot and then it's gone. He might be at an ocean and you're on this sort of seashore. You can see the sailboat, and slowly disappears and you can't see it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or a train and it's passes by, and then write it drifts off into the distance.
Gwenevere Abriel: So those are some metaphors for taking something that you want to put some distance between feeling it right now experiencing it right now and putting distance and actually having it go further and further away. When you think of your own distancing metaphor. What might that be
Michelle Lucero: A car driving a wave further and further
Gwenevere Abriel: Nice.
Gwenevere Abriel: And in front of you, heading in the same direction further away.
Michelle Lucero: Yeah. Further away in the opposite direction.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, there we go, car driving away in the opposite.
Direction. There we go.
Gwenevere Abriel: Lovely.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so we did go over, I believe the kind of getting the, the temperature reading up some events in your life.
Gwenevere Abriel: And one of them was
Gwenevere Abriel: We found a 50 like a distress level of 50 WE TALKED ABOUT YOU, YOUR SON'S FATHER WAS NOT home to pick him up from school. I was irritated his dad didn't think it was important enough to get here on time for him.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you kind of knew in your mind. I know, I know he's safe. So you were able to still think straight
Gwenevere Abriel: Think of something in your life that
Gwenevere Abriel: Was more distressing maybe maybe up there is I was about 50 maybe getting up into 70 or 80 or maybe even higher thinking event that was very, very distressing for you.
Michelle Lucero: Um,
Michelle Lucero: When I had my own place and didn't have a vehicle.
Michelle Lucero: Is Jeff on had announcement attack.
Michelle Lucero: And I couldn't take him to the emergency room. I had to call an ambulance to come pick us up to take us
Gwenevere Abriel: That's scary.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, had asthma attack.
Ambulance
Gwenevere Abriel: Time, a night or day to that happened.
Michelle Lucero: It was in the middle of the night, probably like three o'clock in the morning.
Gwenevere Abriel: And how are you feeling right now.
Michelle Lucero: I'm it's still stresses me out thinking about it like that was
Michelle Lucero: One of the worst nights of my life.
Gwenevere Abriel: How are you feeling what emotion. Are you feeling
Michelle Lucero: Kind of angry.
Gwenevere Abriel: What kind of angry.
Michelle Lucero: Yeah, cuz I didn't have a vehicle because his dad had my car out drinking
Gwenevere Abriel: You handled it and took care of a Stefan.
Michelle Lucero: Yeah, I surely didn't
Michelle Lucero: I didn't even think to call the ambulance. Honestly, I called Noel first and she told me hang up and called my mom was
Michelle Lucero: That was the credits for my mind. I was like, I'm gonna go knock on a neighbor's door and get a right. And she's like, don't bother just call 911 so I did.
Gwenevere Abriel: So hold that in your mind for let's get it a number. How distressing and I use that word distressing because that's what this temperature reading is from zero to 100 you said to the feeling was kinda angry.
Gwenevere Abriel: He said, kind of angry. It was one of the worst nights of my life.
Gwenevere Abriel: What number would you put that from zero to 100 in
Gwenevere Abriel: Subjective unit of distress, let's say,
Michelle Lucero: It was like an 85
Gwenevere Abriel: When you said you were kind of angry.
Michelle Lucero: Yeah, and
Michelle Lucero: And unsure that
Michelle Lucero: Could be strong enough to keep it together for him.
Gwenevere Abriel: Not being strong enough to keep it together for him. Let's go without a little bit longer. This one, this is harder to get to, so be patient with yourself. Okay, just sort of keep talking until we get there.
Gwenevere Abriel: What was the belief about yourself at that time. And you know what it is probably with
Gwenevere Abriel: And I believe I am dot dot dot
Gwenevere Abriel: What was your belief about yourself. I am what
Michelle Lucero: Strong enough
Gwenevere Abriel: Belief that you would have liked to have had
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, the positive cognition, the
Gwenevere Abriel: Not the negative one. I'm not strong enough. But the positive belief at that time for that memory, right, all of the
Gwenevere Abriel: That anger. Scared and unsure what would you like to have believed in yourself at that time.
Michelle Lucero: That I had everything under control and I couldn't handle me
Gwenevere Abriel: I can handle anything. Yeah. OK.
Gwenevere Abriel: So the I can handle anything. This is a different scale. I want to ask you.
Gwenevere Abriel: From one to seven seven is it's absolutely true.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can handle anything right now. Right. How true is that for you. Seven is absolutely true. Once know
Michelle Lucero: Right now, today. Yeah.
Michelle Lucero: I'm probably like a five.
Gwenevere Abriel: How old is that negative thought that negative belief about yourself. I'm not strong enough.
Gwenevere Abriel: Go back in time and try and find the earliest age.
Michelle Lucero: Yes, age, I can remember thinking that
Gwenevere Abriel: Uh huh.
Michelle Lucero: Oh my god like kindergarten.
Michelle Lucero: Literally, where's the kindergarten.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so tell me what you remember is that about age five.
Michelle Lucero: Yeah, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And this other one when you had your own place. Just curious. How old were you then.
Michelle Lucero: I was like 12 years ago and I'm 40 now so
Gwenevere Abriel: What missing. Yeah.
Wait.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so yeah so age 28. All right. This one we're age five. First day of kindergarten.
Gwenevere Abriel: What what thoughts or beliefs are going in your head around that that memory.
Michelle Lucero: Um, I was just thinking like I couldn't stay at school all day without my mom.
Michelle Lucero: I can make friends without her there.
Michelle Lucero: I just wasn't comfortable being there without her being there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Did you stay the whole day.
Michelle Lucero: Um,
Michelle Lucero: I only stayed till lunch. And then I ran into my sister for lunch because she went to the things or Angela and she saw me right and she called my mom and my mom came and got me, she's like Michelle still crying, Mom.
Michelle Lucero: Okay, mom went and picked me up.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you remember what happened after she picked up.
Michelle Lucero: Oh my god, I felt so good.
Michelle Lucero: But I was nervous because I knew I had to go back. So like, it felt good in the moment, but
Michelle Lucero: When it was like, time for bed. I started feeling
Michelle Lucero: Like inches again because I knew I was going to have to do it again tomorrow.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's put a number to this one, and this is hard to do sometimes, but from zero to 10 how distressing is this memory.
Michelle Lucero: Um,
It's like a 770
Michelle Lucero: I mean, yeah.
Michelle Lucero: Okay, what it was about each one
You remember
Gwenevere Abriel: What you were thinking at that time.
Michelle Lucero: I'm
Michelle Lucero: Like why I didn't want to be there.
Gwenevere Abriel: This memory. Do you remember what you were thinking during this this memory, you're thinking of right now, you weren't doing it 20 minutes ago. You're now thinking of that memory. It's in your working memory, it's up here in your consciousness.
Gwenevere Abriel: See if you can figure recall what you were thinking
Gwenevere Abriel: His thoughts and beliefs, kind of going on.
Michelle Lucero: I was just scared and I didn't believe I could make any friends.
Michelle Lucero: And I believe I didn't believe anyone would like me. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: You remember the second day
Gwenevere Abriel: You went to school.
Yeah.
Michelle Lucero: How did that.
Go.
Michelle Lucero: It went a lot better because I rode the bus. So my mom was an outfit school
Michelle Lucero: And I remembered
Michelle Lucero: I was remembering her telling me that morning. Yeah, to be a big girl and get off the bus and go straight to your classroom.
Michelle Lucero: So I wanted her to be proud of me. So I remember I got right off the bus and went straight to my classroom.
Michelle Lucero: And there was like morning Greece. So like you had to go outside before you went in, but I didn't. I went straight to my class.
Gwenevere Abriel: And how did the day go that second day of school.
Michelle Lucero: It went better. I made a friend.
Michelle Lucero: And
Michelle Lucero: I
Michelle Lucero: Kind of warmed up to my teacher, a little bit more that day because the first day I didn't even want to talk to her.
Michelle Lucero: And the second day, she had me like she had a Teacher's Pet Seat. She had me sitting in her teacher just that the
Michelle Lucero: And I got to hand out crayons and stuff. I remember. So I felt better that next day, but every morning right before school I'd get this huge knot in my stomach.
Michelle Lucero: And just have that first days memory.
Michelle Lucero: Like feeling of just being terrified to go
Michelle Lucero: Every morning, and then I'd get there and it would go away. But on the way to school. It was like the worst right ever
Gwenevere Abriel: Tanya.
Michelle Lucero: Honestly, very long time. I remember
Michelle Lucero: The last time I felt like that or like very scared to go to school was in eighth grade finally in eighth grade and I was in seventh grade twice. So it was one year even more.
Gwenevere Abriel: So that was with you for a really long time.
Yeah.
Michelle Lucero: And now with my kids. It's with me for them. Like I don't show it to them because I don't want them to feel the way I felt
Michelle Lucero: But I feel the same way with them like going to school.
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell me what you mean. So they're getting ready for school what happens
Michelle Lucero: Yeah, I get nervous for them like
Michelle Lucero: For well not like Jeff on the first days of school. My first day of step one seventh grade, this year I was very nervous for him like he wasn't nervous at all. He knew all his friends and he's going back to the same school
Michelle Lucero: But I was nervous for him like
Michelle Lucero: I had that feeling back again. But it wasn't even for me it was for him.
Yeah, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's do, let's do some positive stuff. First, let's do
Gwenevere Abriel: Some integration of your resources around this this memory at age five.
Gwenevere Abriel: This wasn't there before. So let's see if we can do something a little different this morning.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're going to be looking at the top of those two containers containers right
Michelle Lucero: Yeah, there's
Michelle Lucero: One bottle. The other
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, great, great, great, great.
Gwenevere Abriel: And we just make my screen a little bigger. So what I'll be doing another kind of the, you know, the periphery of division, you'll see my finger moving. You don't have to watch my fingers just going back and forth with those
Gwenevere Abriel: Those images. So this is going to be a little different this is basically what it, what it will look like.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sometimes I'll say, I want you to picture the worst picture of that event right if that kindergarten day to hold it in your memory.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then I want you to think about, let's say this thing, and sometimes it'll be the positive cognition. Sometimes it will be negative one. I'll remind you what it is.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then I want you to look at, at that moment, it's my finger. You don't see the light on this one, you'll be looking at those two water bottles. Okay. And then, so I'll do it about 3050 seconds and then you'll see me do this. And we'll say let's inhale together.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you'll inhale and then
Gwenevere Abriel: Exhale, letting it go, and then it's your turn to share what's going on. Now what's going on, can be a new thought or I noticed
Gwenevere Abriel: I had a tight chest or I felt relief or I got tense or I relaxed or there's nothing or a relaxed body, whatever it is that comes up, I think you've known me long enough that I'm interested in the body.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm interested in the emotion. I'm interested in a thought. I'm interested in a new picture that comes up whatever your truth is I'm interested. Okay, that's the next thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Then I might say, let's go with that. And then I'll say go with that. And I'll pull up also that worst image. Okay, so there's not going to be a back and forth dialogue.
Gwenevere Abriel: Instead of me talking and processing with you that light is going to do it for us. Okay, so it's really different.
Gwenevere Abriel: So on. Also check in with you and see how you're doing.
Gwenevere Abriel: If it gets too much. What's the sign to stop.
Gwenevere Abriel: And if you want more.
Gwenevere Abriel: And of course you can talk. There's no way for you to do this wrong. I'm your guide. I'm the one that kind of keeps an eye on on what's going on. And, you know, you just whatever comes up for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's also possible is something really important happening. Maybe you want to let me and maybe there'll be something that's happening in the imagery
Gwenevere Abriel: And you want to share it with me. Just, just continue on and continue to watch those two objects left and right. We want the the bilateral left and right hemisphere activated and that's what you're doing when you're looking left and right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay you game.
Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, it'll be a little different today. Okay.
Michelle Lucero: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's, let's do this together. I want you to will kind of have a positive experience, let's let's interweave some of these resource images that you've created. Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: So the movement is going to be really slow. So first, Michelle, I want you to pull up the worst part of that memory okay at age five and kindergarten, first day, hold it in your awareness.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I also want you to really be present with
Gwenevere Abriel: No. Well, always being there and an emergency.
Gwenevere Abriel: Tammy wanting the best for you very positive.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just all the quality of Tammy and nurturing, my guess. Back then right when when you were a little he would push you to do your best and would praise you.
Gwenevere Abriel: And also be be present with mom.
Gwenevere Abriel: As a smart person right now smartest person I knew really be present with that wisdom.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you may want to start with this. I know I'm going to be asking you to have your eyes open. But first, in order to get there, you may want to close them. Let's do it together. I want you to really picture.
Gwenevere Abriel: And here's the thing. Michelle is something in you right now says I can't use so and so anymore. We've got to replace it. Let me tell you how you might know that that's happening if there's mixed feelings. This needs to be
Gwenevere Abriel: On ambivalence no dissonance no mixture.
Gwenevere Abriel: We got to keep creating these these figures. If there's mixed feelings about them.
Gwenevere Abriel: Does that make sense.
Gwenevere Abriel: So don't rob yourself of the effect by having mixed feelings. So just sit with protective quality of Noel and see if that feels just right.
Gwenevere Abriel: You can see her maybe her face. You can see or hear her voice.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, beautiful, and then bring Tammy into the same space. Everyone's going to be interacting. This is your imagination. So you're going to be interacting with each other. So let's check what just happened.
Michelle Lucero: Yeah, I felt unsure about Tommy being there.
Gwenevere Abriel: What came up. Do you think
Michelle Lucero: Um,
Michelle Lucero: I don't know, I just, I don't think I would
Michelle Lucero: I don't know how to explain it. I wouldn't
Michelle Lucero: Call her to like bail me out of something or
Gwenevere Abriel: She's here for your nurturing
Gwenevere Abriel: She's a figure who is. That's why there's separate figures.
Michelle Lucero: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: The Tom is there for you as a promoting your gross and your developer
Michelle Lucero: I see that. Oh my god, he's gonna die.
Michelle Lucero: That my triggers right here.
Just that part you're going
Michelle Lucero: Oh God, I thought
Gwenevere Abriel: We're still we're still here.
Okay.
Michelle Lucero: All right in
Our out
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: A low to you're going to, it's the eye movements going to be a little funky, but we will see. So if you are looking at top of the objects are you going to be able to still kind of see the pace.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, no.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know, because that core is probably right at the bottom, isn't it.
Michelle Lucero: Yeah, that's why I have to put it upside down or sideways like this, I guess sideways is better.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, it's days.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, and then you're on your containers are still shoulder width apart.
Michelle Lucero: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: So first, actually let's spend some time really really getting into this imagery. I feel like that that might be a better use when one even pull in the negative stuff. Let's just really get into the positive
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's go back in here now that there's more instruction Tammy gets to just represent the quality of nurturing your growth picture something she has said see her face, as she believes in you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Encouraging you and giving you good advice.
Gwenevere Abriel: Then bring into that space, the protective quality.
Gwenevere Abriel: Of Noel
Gwenevere Abriel: Bring into that same space. And have you be there as well. You're going to be with them. They're going to be surrounding you either combining with you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Becoming you or they're just there as a team, they're interacting with you and each other. It's a really wide open invitation, just see what happens. And then also, as they're interacting, you've got
Gwenevere Abriel: Tammy is a nurturing figure in a well as a protective figure. Then you also have
Gwenevere Abriel: Your mom there with her wisdom.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just see how she might be interacting with the nurturing nurturing quality of Tammy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Always very positive.
Gwenevere Abriel: Thinking about more than just short term gain she's thinking about long term happiness and goals and life satisfaction, maybe
Gwenevere Abriel: Thinking a little longer term. And then there's also your dad who
Gwenevere Abriel: pushes you to do your best. And praises You, when you do good.
Gwenevere Abriel: He said good advice for you to
Gwenevere Abriel: Noticing only the positive attributes and qualities of protective nurturing and wisdom.
Gwenevere Abriel: Watching how they're interacting and supporting
Gwenevere Abriel: You
Gwenevere Abriel: All there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: You feel like you've got a pretty good sense of it. Okay, so I have you look at those two objects are gonna be watching the time a little bit but so take a look a whole that in your awareness, the quality you just had nice and slow.
Gwenevere Abriel: Continuing to focus on those qualities
Gwenevere Abriel: Don't forget to keep breathing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's breathe them together. Inhale into that lower long
Gwenevere Abriel: Just the top too long, and then
Nice.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's do it again. We're going to inhale and get that arrow down to the bottom with a long
Gwenevere Abriel: Percent belly out up in your shoulders. Let's get at the bottom of the long, you get down there at the bottom and then out of the mouth. Exhale.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I saw a lot of shoulder movement. Did that go down to the bottom.
Gwenevere Abriel: Mm hmm. So what are you noticing as you spend some time just focusing on on your resource team.
Michelle Lucero: And make me feel more confident
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's do one more time.
So,
Gwenevere Abriel: What What room are you in. She happened to catch that you notice kind of where you brought everybody together.
Gwenevere Abriel: Where were you
Michelle Lucero: You know, I was at my elementary school right my classroom.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, that's crazy.
Yeah.
Michelle Lucero: Right pictured everybody okay
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, why don't we do that, let's since you're already, you already organically are already going. Let's pull up that that angry right I'm uncertain. I'm scared.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's see what feelings you are feeling actually terrified even
Gwenevere Abriel: On that day, so picture that Worst Picture in kindergarten and now I also want you to hold with it the imagery of your resources, those three figures of protection nutrients and wisdom. Okay, hold it together in your awareness.
Gwenevere Abriel: Inhale into the bottom of your lungs shoulder stay put. Push your belly out. Get all that air at the bottom.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me, let me in a little bit about what you notice
Michelle Lucero: Relax.
Michelle Lucero: And not as 10
Gwenevere Abriel: Where were you noticing attention before
Michelle Lucero: In my late
Night. Okay.
Michelle Lucero: And I just feel like Luther, not so tight.
Gwenevere Abriel: Overall looser
Gwenevere Abriel: Gotcha.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm to stress level right now, what would you say you're at
Michelle Lucero: Distress.
Uh huh.
Gwenevere Abriel: On the sides right zero to 100 where yet.
Michelle Lucero: I'm like,
Michelle Lucero: A 10 don't feel very little. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I want you to
Gwenevere Abriel: Try something this one the iteration. And what I mean by that is, that's going to be the back and forth.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is going to go a little faster. This is desensitisation so you've got this this space of grounding this sense of resource that we've we've just done a little bit of
Gwenevere Abriel: Which you can incorporate whenever you want to. You don't have to wait for me. Okay, you already know that. I hope you know that, but for now I want to, I want to pull up that one of the sort of terrifying things for you had to do with
Gwenevere Abriel: In in in elementary school and kindergarten, your first day of school, which is that worst
Gwenevere Abriel: That worst image and I think
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, I don't think I know what it is yet.
Gwenevere Abriel: I was scared it and believe I could make any friends. I think it's that I can't make any friends. So let's go with that one. Okay, hold that worst image and I can't make any friends ready. Hold that up into your awareness and we're going to go a little faster.
Gwenevere Abriel: With me, inhale deep belly breath.
Gwenevere Abriel: Exhale out of the mouth.
Gwenevere Abriel: Letting it all go
Gwenevere Abriel: Just gently. Notice what comes up.
Michelle Lucero: I get
Michelle Lucero: Really sad thinking about that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, get really sad. And where do you notice that lands in the body that sad what what may have shifted
Michelle Lucero: Um, my stomach.
Gwenevere Abriel: To get
Michelle Lucero: Tight in my chair.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what's the sort of belief about yourself. Do you remember or right now. Like what's kind of thoughts and beliefs going on.
Michelle Lucero: I feel so bad for myself because I didn't
Michelle Lucero: believe in myself to
Michelle Lucero: Make or to be likable.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's the, what's the
Gwenevere Abriel: The phrasing of to be likable it confuses me so see if we can shape that in a statement.
Michelle Lucero: I even believe anyone would like me. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And does that make you sad.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can we're going to go with that worse picture I didn't believe anyone would like me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Inhale into the lower part of your lawn, nice and deep
Gwenevere Abriel: And then exhale, it all out our emails.
Gwenevere Abriel: Will keep those eyes closed, if you can, and just notice what comes up for you.
Michelle Lucero: I feel better. I don't feel
Michelle Lucero: That anymore.
Michelle Lucero: I feel hopeful.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, we're gonna go with that. Worst Picture.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know it's hard work, think that that worst image and I feel hopeful.
Gwenevere Abriel: inhale through your nose. A belly breath.
Gwenevere Abriel: And exhale, it all out nice and slowly it all out of there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your eyes closed and just pay attention to what you notice
I don't
Michelle Lucero: Know anything really.
Gwenevere Abriel: scan your body start down there with the feet.
Gwenevere Abriel: As if a Superman x ray vision moving through bottom of the feet and ankles.
Gwenevere Abriel: The calves, the knees and thighs, the seat phone
Gwenevere Abriel: Noticing the hands for arms.
Up the biceps.
Gwenevere Abriel: Even passing through the gut got x ray vision going straight through all of your viscera bonds, your tissues in your skin.
Gwenevere Abriel: Past the tummy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Into the chest.
Gwenevere Abriel: Up to the shoulders.
Gwenevere Abriel: To the neck.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know it's a lot when there's other things going on. Just keep returning back to you. This is your time for some refueling and healing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Pay attention to the throat.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's where we breathe.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's where we speak. It's where we eat.
Gwenevere Abriel: That awareness up into the years and cheekbones.
Gwenevere Abriel: To the eyes.
Gwenevere Abriel: When you're ready, just let me know how the body's doing
Michelle Lucero: I started
Michelle Lucero: I'm not stress, but not
Michelle Lucero: Confident, my guess.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right about when because, first it was, I don't feel anything. And then we did the body scan. What do you think happened.
I'm
Michelle Lucero: Just right after that. But it's because not because of like what we're doing. It was
Gwenevere Abriel: Telling
What happened on
Michelle Lucero: My knees driver.
Michelle Lucero: Yeah, like knocked me out of that.
Michelle Lucero: That's okay. I was in the way I was thinking and
Michelle Lucero: I was
Gwenevere Abriel: OK, so I'll bring it to a close. So let's do you want to put whatever's left over any charge a little bit of nervousness, you want to put it in the container.
Michelle Lucero: You want to
Gwenevere Abriel: Put it in the container. Okay so name what you're putting in there. What are we putting in there.
Michelle Lucero: Because you
Gwenevere Abriel: Know, with it for the rest of the day if you don't want to
Michelle Lucero: I'm putting in there. My
Michelle Lucero: My thoughts of not being lovable and my fear of being left alone. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Not being lovable and fear of being left alone. Go inside the container.
Gwenevere Abriel: Close it up.
Gwenevere Abriel: Put that key away. And do you also want to have a distancing from it or do you want to just kind of keep it around. Keep it just in the container.
Michelle Lucero: I think I'll just keep it in there. Okay. Alright.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's schedule another appointment.
Michelle Lucero: Did you get my new schedule.
Gwenevere Abriel: No, tell me.
So,
Michelle Lucero: I have so much to talk to you about like so much have gone on this past week at work.
Michelle Lucero: Last Sunday. I almost quit.
Michelle Lucero: I had a horrible, horrible Sunday and Monday at work. Um. Anyways, I'm getting moved to the back.
Michelle Lucero: On
Michelle Lucero: The first is my first day, or no, the first business Saturday. I think so. I won't go back to work till the third. So my new days off will be Sunday and Monday, all the time. It's a set schedule and I'll work from seven to three every day. Okay, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, Saturday.
Michelle Lucero: Or Sunday or Monday.
Gwenevere Abriel: Tuesday, there's that. Okay, so, or that's not right away. So, but you'll probably have to say that again, let's work out next week.
Michelle Lucero: Next week, Wednesday and Thursday.
Michelle Lucero: Oh, what
Michelle Lucero: Day. I think I go
Michelle Lucero: I could talk while you hold on one second.
Michelle Lucero: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your schedule for group on Tuesday at seven.
Michelle Lucero: Me, I'm pretty sure I go into work at eight. So that will be fine. I'll just be in my car.
Michelle Lucero: Let me talk
Michelle Lucero: So Saturday will be
Michelle Lucero: Wait, what was I saying
Michelle Lucero: Oh, when I go to work on next Tuesday or
Michelle Lucero: Wednesday.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so that's fine for group.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. Yeah. And then you're off.
Michelle Lucero: Wednesday, Thursday, right,
Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: I think right now i'm i'm completely booked. So what I
Gwenevere Abriel: Do is I have another person on call to I'm going to just write down. I'm going to have you kind of on call, in a sense, what's your plans for that Wednesday and Thursday. What do you plan on doing
Michelle Lucero: I don't have anything G.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay so Wednesday and Thursday. Now, are you overall we're right at the end of the session, but are you kind of optimistic about work now.
Michelle Lucero: Yeah, more than I was. OK.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright. So, Michelle. This isn't a forever job yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, this is you've got set yourself some some goals that I know you want to accomplish. It's not forever.
Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: So we could just kind of maybe just take it one at a time. Like, let's just give it a chance with this new arrangement.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know I didn't get your details about it. So I'm going to put Michelle wednesday thursday on call. What that means is I think we've done it before I give you a call. I say, Hey, you know, can you be ready kind of last minute.
Michelle Lucero: Between this
Gwenevere Abriel: Time, and this time.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want to ask you also you know how you were taking the Seroquel before and then you stopped because it was to making you to drowsy.
Michelle Lucero: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So do you remember also while you were taking it, you were in a good mood. Do you remember that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, yeah. So it's, it's an antidepressant right in. So it doesn't surprise me. So this. It's like, yes, we were addressing the sleep, but it also may have been making you feel happier you I
Gwenevere Abriel: Only invite you to talk with Dr. Real about maybe getting on an antidepressant, just to feel better, so that you're not kind of getting this fatigue and feeling low serotonin because buprenorphine drops down your serotonin levels. So you're going to end up feeling kind of mopey and depressed.
Michelle Lucero: Yeah yeah
Michelle Lucero: Should I talk to you about it today. Cool.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me see where we were in. Okay. You can email or you can call her.
Gwenevere Abriel: And or you can wait. It's up to you just let her know what you've tried before. What you haven't. And you guys can start moving forward on that because we already saw you had an elevation of your mood. I really love seeing that you seem like a different person there for a couple weeks.
Michelle Lucero: Okay, yeah, I'll email her today and see if we could schedule, maybe
Michelle Lucero: To get on zoom or something.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, I love it. Alright, so on call next week and then after that.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're, are you, you're off Mondays and Sundays. So
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you're okay, what, you know, you're done. Also at three, I think you said seven to three those other days right
7am to three.
Gwenevere Abriel: Be on call next week, Wednesday, Thursday to 20
Gwenevere Abriel: Sorry, she'll be on call Wednesday, Thursday, I believe.
Gwenevere Abriel: To 25 to 27